I'm obsessed with this idea of generative UI. Generative UI is different from
regular UI because it's more of a system and it can be totally unique each time.
What I would really love is a mobile app and the mobile app will be able to hook
up to a GrokBot or an OpenClaw or an Ermes agent and you can talk to it but it also is an app.
The default state is you're just talking to it.
Although, yeah, the default state is you can just talk to it and it's a vessel for communication.
And then also it can just take over the screen at any time and generate UI for you.
So for example, like I can have a bunch of different agents that I have hooked up and
this one app is approved on the App Store.
You can hook your agent up to it.
There will probably be a skill of some type to tell the agent how to generate the UI.
And it just does it.
Each agent can have their own color scheme and unique features.
Again, within a general framework.
And the real example I'm thinking of is if I am doing a workout, I'm talking to Arnold.
Arnold happens to be my agent.
And he's got a picture of Arnold Schwarzenegger on there and more or less he talks like that.
And I want him to be able to kind of show on the screen any workout feature I ask.
So, you know, hey Arnold, I want to do a countdown timer.
Or I just want him to list my workout.
You know, maybe he could manage like any number of screens.
Let's call it three screens.
And like they all start as kind of blank templates.
The first screen is probably just chat.
The chat could probably link to another view.
But then like, yeah, all right.
So here's your countdown timer.
And like, all right.
And I can just tell Arnold, all right, I want intervals of this and this and that.
And it can just, you know, it can actually navigate for you to just pull it up.
And again, within a set of guidelines, I'd want it to be able to just generate UI.
And I think this is really important.
I want it to be a mobile app.
And this would kind of be like your agent hub where you could hook in agents from anywhere.
I would want it to kind of have the ability to replace.
Like I use, I don't use open claw, but I use ear me's agent.
H-E-R-M-E-S.
But in general, like I'm just, maybe I'll just call it a lobster.
You know, I have my lobster.
And he, you know, he like, you know, he's wired up to my Mac mini.
And I can, I can talk to him via telegram.
And I can still talk to him via telegram.
As a matter of fact, like, if I'm talking to Arnold on my telegram, I want to be able to say,
all right, you know, pull this up on, let's just call it Nexus for now.
Like, Project Nexus.
And with the Project Nexus,
is where I, you know, talk to him.
And then I can like, again, talk to him on telegram.
And he should be able to push live updates to that app.
But I guess you should be able to,
and again, maybe this is, maybe this is different.
Maybe this is a different app altogether.
But I definitely think like this, like open agent framework, like open claw.
And I should be able to, you know, I do want to be able to wire it into my existing open claw setting right now,
or my, my lobster setting.
But I'm actually thinking, okay, well, I definitely need out of the box,
people that don't have anything set up, to be able to just set up this agent.
You know, I think for onboarding Scream, it's like, hey, welcome to your, welcome to the, you know, the Nexus,
this generative UI app.
And it should probably start with like a bit of an interview, you know, where they can just like,
again, it, it generates text.
So it's like, you know, it, it, it can probably generate however it decides to say,
hey, welcome to Nexus.
What's your name?
And it would generate a type form.
And then like, maybe what's your level of knowledge in AI?
And you can just have a little slider back and forth of like, okay, I'm here.
And then maybe it, maybe it's like, okay, tell me about some of the things you want to do.
And maybe then it comes up with like a type form or, but also like a, a little button.
You know what I mean?
Like a little microphone button so I can just talk to it.
And again, hopefully on device, but I don't really care.
Sends the audio through.
And then you're just talking to it via that.
And again, we'd probably want a couple other things.
And again, like, all right, well, here's a couple suggestions of what you should do.
You should definitely start a workout agent, you know, and, and the workout,
you know, and, and maybe you even have some to start with.
You have like your personal trainer, your nutritionist.
A good example is a nutritionist is, you know, you, you have, you know, you, you have your nutritionist and it would be very easy to build a little, like, take a picture.
And do whatever you want.
And, and I'll, I'll track your macros and your calories.
I think that's a great idea.
And then like, maybe a personal agent, but like, you know, we should really be telling them, you know, anything they want.
I think there should kind of be like an internal database, like, and you can create as many tables as you want.
Um, I don't know if that's in the cloud.
I think it would be, um, anything that we can, I'm always open to ideas of how we can keep things on device.
But again, like, uh, obviously we should have a table, like a spreadsheet.
And, and really, I just kind of want to base it on HTML, like whatever, like, you know, HTML is a good example because you could have like HTML,
you've gotten like, which is the overall structure and then the CSS and then JavaScript to kind of do some things to work.
And then like, you have these different frameworks.
So like material UI or, um, or, uh, shad CN, which is S H A D C N.
Uh, you know, shad CN would be a really good example of like a kind of a toolkit, except this is going to be, um,
um, I'm not sure.
I guess I would want to make it react native, but I'm also pretty curious whether, um,
it would be cool to do anything in Swift.
So again, in this overall, um, plan that you're putting it together for me, I,
what are some of the native agent things that we can do on, um, on Swift?
Um, and like, what are the main advantages?
Uh, because at the end of the day, I definitely want to build this app in a way that scales really well.
And, um, and then as more AI features come out and again, like,
I should be able to talk to it, like with my voice, I should be able to text to it.
Like, that would be pretty cool.
Like if I could just text it from my phone number and then I can push, push notification,
like, give me this.
And then I'll get a push notification and it deep links me to the dashboard it just built,
or again, the workout timer.
So, um, you know, in any way, uh, you know, we want it to connect everything just like Claude
has connectors and, you know, and OpenAI has tool use.
Um, you know, we'd want it to be able to, like, like obviously it plugs into HubSpot and it can make,
it can make queries there.
Like then, um, you know, I, I definitely think like there should be a little MCP library that's
model context protocol.
So we should have just a library of connectors that you can just log in.
Um, it would definitely be kind of like a Grokbot of the world.
But again, I think our real value proposition is its ability to be able to just like show
you whatever you want.
You know what I mean?
Like, I think that there's too many templates and I know it might be a little slow, but again,
like maybe we can come up with some type of parameter system that the AI, you know, it has
a bunch of, it can just build, um, and it can just like kind of show you these things.
So I'm not very familiar with iOS, Android, or, uh, React Native at all.
So you're going to need to educate me on the best way to handle this.
But again, generative UI is really the name of the game.
And like, you know, I think out of the box, it should have some nice smooth transitions that
things kind of animate in and out in a little way.
And it should be very like intuitive, big buttons, like, you know, really, uh, you know,
and I, I would want any two people to be able to generate wildly different things.
Um, although we, again, we do need to like give it UX principles out of the box about like
calls to action and, you know, and, um, of course, like the design system of this will
evolve, but yeah, I'm just really curious what this app could look like.
Um, again, one of the big blockers for people, um, creating iOS apps is that there's so many
iOS apps being, uh, it's, it's hard to get on the iOS store right now.
So I think if I can get an AI product like this, that has a totally unique user experience and,
you know, can show me just the stuff I need because, you know, I think the real problem
I'm having with my, uh, my lobster agents is that like, I just can talk to them via text.
Like, you know, if it asks me a question, I just want a button, like, you know, if it's a yes or no.
And, um, you know, I kind of like Claude.
Claude has this idea of plan mode, you know, plan mode is, um, is, is really awesome because it kind
of gives you only two options, but like, I can select a multiple choice question.
I can always have the option to type in an answer.
And I'm sometimes I can have a multiple select, uh, like a multi-select or like, you know,
multiple choice.
I think that's, that's like a pretty key one that we can have.
Like, which one do you want this, this, this, or this?
And again, it's, um, you know, you would, uh, yeah, I think that there's kind of infinite
possibility here.
Again, I definitely, probably for V1, I would love it to just plug into my open claw, uh,
just because I have so much set up and I would love this to be an open claw.
Like, and I think my early adopters of this are going to be open claw users.
So maybe they would be curious.
And I think that can be like a first step one is like before it becomes a competitor
to Elon Musk's GrokBot, you know, maybe it's to say you're already set up here and let's,
uh, let's, let's start this generative UI train.
Um, and we can make it really experimental, really fun, not boring.
You know, I definitely want to, you know, plug into an image generator and, uh, um,
you know, and offer these different, uh, you know, every, every, every person should have
a face like you're in, and, you know, and I think later down the road and a very future
version, of course, that there's going to be an actual person you can talk to.
And then, you know, and I don't think we're going to do that right now.
I think I'm more interested in just this being a tool.
Um, I think I should be able to easily switch, uh, whether I talk to it or type to it, uh,
depending on my scenarios down the road, maybe it, you know, gets my location somehow while
I'm using the app and, uh, and it kind of knows I'm at work so I can't talk or, you know,
it can just like, or, or maybe it's just agent by agent, you know, in general, you know,
I talk to the, I talk to one and not the other.
Um, you know, I, I definitely don't want to lose the idea of a Mac keyboard.
I think it's important that, again, I think that comes back to connectors.
You know, I want to be able to work with this from any channel.
Um, uh, Cloudflare just recently released, released their own agent to deploy anywhere.
And I'm curious how we can use that.
Uh, I'm curious to use Cloudflare because since Cloudflare does the majority of gating on the
internet, um, you know, like if, if, if I go to like true people search.com and I start,
you know, trying to harvest data, it's Cloudflare usually that blocks me.
So I'm curious, like, you know, on this agentic internet is Cloudflare.
I think it's Flo, uh, I think it's Flu, F-L-U-E.
And, um, and yeah.
So help me think of some names.
Um, you know, how, how can this be white labeled, but I'm not as interested in that.
Like at the end of the day, it's a personal project for me.
I want to interact with my agents like I do on Telegram, except the problem with Telegram
is that, ah, these, you know, this, this agent is, was whatever.
Um, um, I would be curious again.
It's just like, like, obviously you're going to break this up into like a long, like flow.
And, you know, you're not going to one shot this whole company.
Um, so in the, in the glory of not one shotting the whole company, um, I'd be very curious to see,
uh, you know, in, in the plan, I want you to do some research on how, you know, if this idea
is not an app and it never gets in, like, how can I better use custom Telegram UIs?
Because I actually think Telegram itself has a robust, like bit of, um, UI components that
I'm not really using.
I'd be curious what that is.
But, but again, that's, that's like a like late sidetrack.
Maybe we can have some interaction.
Like I, you know, I, you know, at the end of the day, the goal is that you download this
app, you put in your credit card and you're off to the races with a multi-agent in your life.
Um, and the, in the meantime, and I think it should, where we should start before
we do our own payment processing is just like, Hey, do you want image?
Like, you know, here you can definitely buy images, but if you have a fall, which is F-A-L
API key, you can generate images with, with this, like, you know, or replicate or, uh, you
know, I can plug straight into my Claude.
Um, I don't know how we're going to use Claude CLI on a mobile app.
Um, I, I'm thinking that we're probably going to have to pay per token via a router, like
open router to just, you know, plug and play all the different models you can use.
Um, I'd be curious again, far, far down the road, how do we leverage on device AI capabilities
to just help make this even faster?
Like, uh, like, like how can we use the on device text to speech?
Uh, how can we leverage these different things?
But again, um, this is going to be a long plan over a long time.
Um, I'd be curious how you could, you know, break this work up, uh, to, to make it come
to life.
Um, I, I think we should spin up just a little Vercel site, again, V-E-R-C-E-L, like just
throw a little site up.
And I want this site to kind of be like a project management tool, um, almost like a V1 of what
we're doing.
Um, and, uh, and, and yeah, yeah.
And I, I definitely want a mobile app, but maybe some early mock-ups in this site, which
is again, a full business plan and pitch deck and kind of like a general purpose, like information
and really just a tool for me to look at while like, you know, just so I can see what you're
building.
Um, you know, again, how does that look?
Um, you know, how can this thing have dynamic databasing?
So, you know, it can, like, you know, like a CRM and like a workout routine health could
probably be out of the box.
But, you know, if I have a really unique use case, how can I leverage different AI tools
to, you know, spin up some cool shit and, you know, just like, and, and then again, like
I, I would like, there's so much basic shit.
Like, I don't know, I don't know how we're going to run databasing for something like this,
but, um, you know, I know when I use Claude, you know, it can spin up any type of database
it wants.
It can really have, it has so much flexibility and, you know, the, and I, and I think that
as people start to be able to build whatever they want at any time, it's really the on-demand
generative UI, which is the real value proposition.
So I think, you know, um, I want you to, again, put something in, like, how do we phase this
out?
Like, I want to just kind of start it as an app that you can download and again, plug in
your agent and, you know, start to leverage this as like, and kind of focus, um, for the,
like the technical user and just speed to market again, before we pay for, like, I want them
to be able to just generate images and have credits and buy it right from us.
But on, in the meantime, like, I don't want to set all that up and I want to use it.
So I just want to be able to dynamically store an API key and just use other systems.
And I think that's kind of always going to be a thing, right?
Because if I plug my Claude API in, like, it's going to take for my own Claude.
And, you know, because we want it to be able to plug in, um, you know, I think in all phase
ones, we're plugging into outstanding services and then slowly but surely we bring them in
house.
You know, I think image generation would be the easiest one.
You know, you can't just, you know, image generation is in no way free.
So people have to pay for it.
They're going to have to manage their own credits, but it makes it a lot easier if you just plug
an API key and you manage it all in separate places for someone like me.
But the average user is not going to want to do all that.
Like, even the idea of an API key would scare them.
So again, um, I'm putting this in your hands.
Um, I want you to work really fast on this.
You know, don't, don't take like an hour break.
Like, I feel like we should always have little things working.
Um, again, with, you know, this is going to be a longer roadmap, but honestly, I think I
gave you everything I need here, uh, to, to like, you shouldn't need a lot of my help.
You should only be just updating on my progress.
Um, and, uh, and again, like I'm leaving this up to you.
Like you're the super intelligence.
Uh, let's build this app together.
